# Lazer Beanz

## About
Laser reflecting puzzle games can be a lot of fun and a great logic challenge. I wanted to create such a game with Phaser for a Mintbean hack-a-thon. This was the first time I had ever used Phaser before and had a ton of fun working on this project. Regrettably, I started implementing a logic that I found out, too late, was not going to work. I was trying to make the laser reflect off of the mirrors and have Phaser track its progress across the grid. I found out that Phaser was not able to track the lines I was drawing. As it was my first time using Phaser, I didn't realize I was doing things backward. I then realized I needed to pretty much scratch everything and start all over... the night before the deadline for the hack-a-thon. I managed to get the mirrors in place and get the logic for the laser reflections to work but, alas, was not able to get the levels built and win conditions set up so I was unable to submit. I really wanted to finish this project up, but there was always something else to take my time (group projects with other people depending on me, other hack-a-thons etc) but am now ready to get back to work. I'm gonna finish this bad boy!

## Functionality
The app works by first checking the laser direction. A switch statement the determines what direction the laser must move to, and instructions to draw it to the center of the next tile are passed. At the next tile, the app checks the value of the new tile as stored in the tile map. This value is used both to determine the image used on that tile and to determine what direction the laser will reflect to. If the value is 0 (the default), then there is no change and the laser keeps heading straight. If the value is from 1-4, then the laser will either make a 90 degree turn in one of two directions, or stop completely if it hits the back of the mirror. The app is set to stop in the middle of the last tile before running over the edge of the game board if there is no mirror there.

## Playing
Click on any tile (except the laser gun in the top right corner) to place a mirror. Clicking an existing mirror will rotate it 90 degrees. Once it has cycled between all the options, clicking again will remove the mirror and leave a blank tile. You can fire the laser by clicking "PEW!" to the left. Clicking on a tile will reset the laser, but not the board.